New post: Snowball Fight Beta Announcement (#181)
huggingface/blog: snowball-fight.md

---
title: 'Introducing Snowball Fight ☃️, our first ML-Agents environment'
thumbnail: /blog/assets/38_introducing_snowball_fight/thumbnail.png
---

<h1>
    Introducing Snowball Fight ☃️, our First ML-Agents Environment
</h1>

<div class="blog-metadata">
    <small>Published November 30, 2021.</small>
    <a target="_blank" class="btn no-underline text-sm mb-5 font-sans" href="https://github.com/huggingface/blog/blob/master/snowball-fight.md">
        Update on GitHub
    </a>
</div>

<div class="author-card">

>     <a href="/simoninithomas"> 

Reviewer: This and below should be ThomasSimonini no?

Author: Yes my bad (thought it was github username but it's hf username) I update it

        <img class="avatar avatar-user" src="https://aeiljuispo.cloudimg.io/v7/https://s3.amazonaws.com/moonup/production/uploads/1632748593235-60cae820b1c79a3e4b436664.jpeg?w=200&h=200&f=face" title="Gravatar">
        <div class="bfc">
            <code>simoninithomas</code>
            <span class="fullname">Thomas Simonini</span>
        </div>
    </a>
</div>

> We're excited to share our **first custom Deep Reinforcement Learning environment**: Snowball Fight 1vs1.

Reviewer: nit: maybe a :tada: at the end?

![gif](assets/38_introducing_snowball_fight/snowballfight.gif)

> Snowball Fight is a game made with Unity ML-Agents, where you shoot snowballs against a Deep Reinforcement Learning agent.

Reviewer: Nit: I would put it in same paragraph and add link to spaces

```suggestion
Snowball Fight is a game made with Unity ML-Agents, where you shoot snowballs against a Deep Reinforcement Learning agent. The game is [**hosted on Hugging Face Spaces**](https://hf.co/spaces/launch). 
```

> The game is **hosted on Hugging Face Spaces**. 

Reviewer: Should this line be removed now that it's above?

Author: My bad I didn't saw this comment, yes I update it

👉 [You can play it online here](https://huggingface.co/spaces/ThomasSimonini/SnowballFight)

> And in this post, we'll cover **the ecosystem we work on for Deep Reinforcement Learning researchers and enthusiasts that uses Unity ML-Agents**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this post, we'll cover **the ecosystem we are working on for Deep Reinforcement Learning researchers and enthusiasts that use Unity ML-Agents**.
```

> ## Unity ML-Agents and Hugging Face

Reviewer: Maybe let's change the title to Unity ML-Agents at Hugging Face?

> 

Reviewer: I wonder if it's worth adding a super short paragraph that explains why this is exciting to non RL people. As in - one sentence to say what Unity and ML Agents are, and then one or two sentences about impact of doing this out there openly.

Author: "The [Unity Machine Learning Agents Toolkit](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents) is an open-source library that allows you to build games and simulations with Unity game engine to **serve as environments for training intelligent agents**." 

But for the second part idk because we don't have yet a clear message to convey like: we want to have an impact in RL research or RL application etc ?

With this first step, our goal is to build an ecosystem on Hugging Face for Deep Reinforcement Learning researchers and enthusiasts that uses ML-Agents, with three features.

> First, **building and sharing custom environments.** We develop and share exciting environments to experiment with new problems: snowball fights, racing, puzzles... All of them will be open source and hosted on the Hugging Face's Hub.
> 
> Second, **by allows you to easily host your environments and save models** on Hugging Face Hub.
> 
> We have already published the Snowball Fight training environment [here](https://huggingface.co/ThomasSimonini/ML-Agents-SnowballFight-1vs1).
> 
> And finally, **you can now easily host your demos on Spaces** and showcase your results quickly.

Reviewer: I think using ordered list might read nicer here

```suggestion
1. **Building and sharing custom environments.** We are developing and sharing exciting environments to experiment with new problems: snowball fights, racing, puzzles... All of them will be open source and hosted on the Hugging Face's Hub.
2. **Allowing you to easily host your environments, save models and share them** on the Hugging Face Hub. We have already published the Snowball Fight training environment [here](https://huggingface.co/ThomasSimonini/ML-Agents-SnowballFight-1vs1), but there will be more to come!
3 **You can now easily host your demos on Spaces** and showcase your results quickly with the rest of the ecosystem
```

## Be part of the conversation: join our discord server!

> If you're using ML-Agents or interested in Deep Reinforcement Learning and want to be part of the conversion, **[you can join our discord server](https://discord.gg/YRAq8fMnUG)**. We just added two channels (and we'll add more in the future):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using ML-Agents or interested in Deep Reinforcement Learning and want to be part of the conversation, **[you can join our discord server](https://discord.gg/YRAq8fMnUG)**. We just added two channels (and we'll add more in the future):
```

- Deep Reinforcement Learning
- ML-Agents

> [Our discord](https://discord.gg/YRAq8fMnUG) is the place where you can exchange about Hugging Face, NLP and Deep RL, plus it's in this discord that we'll announce all our new environments and features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Our discord](https://discord.gg/YRAq8fMnUG) is the place where you can exchange about Hugging Face, NLP, Deep RL, and more! It's also in this discord that we'll announce all our new environments and features in the future.
```

## What's next?

In the coming weeks and months, we will be extending the ecosystem by:

- Writing some **technical tutorials on ML-Agents**.

> - Working on a **Snowball Fight 2vs2 version**, where the agents will collaborate in teams using MA-POCA, a new Deep Reinforcement Learning algorithm that trains cooperative behaviors in a team.  [Link MA-POCA]

Reviewer: Is there a link missing here?

Author: Yes updated
